-Difference between Routers and Switches:

	Routers : Its a network device that can connect between different network domains and also it routes the IP packets to its correct destinations
		*Each  interface in the router is a separated network* "Layer 3"

	Switches : Network device that can connect two or more  devices in the same network "Layer 2"

-What is the routing table?
	It is a set of rules that contains the information necessary to forward a packet along the best path toward its destination is used to determine where data packets traveling over an IP.
 	Routing Table includes 5 parameters :

	1-Destination : The IP of the final destination
	2-Next hop: The Ip address to which the packet is forwarded
	3-Interface: The outgoing network interface the device should use when forwarding the pakcet to the next hop
	4-Metric: Assigns a cost to each available route so that the most cost-effective path can be chosen
	5-Routes: Includes directly-attached subnets, indirect subnets that are not attached to the device but can be accessed through anouther devices.

-What is the difference between Public and Private IP?

                    Public IP			Private IP
	         Scope is global 	     Scope is local

                Used to commuincate         Used to communicate
		with the devices             with the devices 
		outside	the network.	     inside the network

                needs Internet service      works in LAN only

		Costs money			Free to use

		Range:all IPs except the    10.0.0.0 => 10.255.255.255 /xx
		reserved IPs (private)      172.16.0.0 => 172.31.255.255 /xx
					    192.168.0.0 => 192.168.255.255 /xx

		
-Difference between Private and Public Subnets

	Public: its used for instances that need a public IP to be accessible for the internet.

	Private : its uused for instances that do not need to be directly attatched to the internet.		


-Three mitigation methods:
	1)Conduct a risk assessment to determine vulnerabilities: That shows the potential gaps in the organization's security
	2)Establish network access controls: that helps to mitigate the risk of insider threats
	3)Implement Firwalls and Antivirus software: It offers ann additional barrier to the network, Firewalls acts as a buffer between the internet and the local network
	and antivirus software searches inside your device to find a malicious threats.
	4)Create a patch management schedule: that helps the organization's IT team to stay ahead of the attackers
	5)Continuously monitor network traffic:The way to stay ahead of cybercriminals is to continuously monitor the network traffic.
	6)Build an incident responce plan:It helps your organization do as much as possible to reamin proactively prepared by ensuring that everyone in 
	the organization including IT security and non tech teams about what they're responsible for.
